Graph type update for Cypher 5 Constraints (#1395)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/constraints/drop-constraints.adoc

> :description: Information about droppping Neo4j's constraints.
> = Drop constraints
> 
> Constraints are dropped using the `DROP CONSTRAINT` command.
> For the full command syntax to drop constraints, see xref:constraints/syntax.adoc#drop-constraint[Syntax -> Drop constraints].

Reviewer: This sentence was missed being moved into the new file
```suggestion
Constraints are dropped using the `DROP CONSTRAINT` command.
It is possible to drop constraints created in a different Cypher version than the one in use.
For example, although link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/25/values-and-types/vector/[`VECTOR`] property type constraints were added in Cypher 25, such constraints can still be dropped using Cypher 5.

For the full command syntax to drop constraints, see xref:constraints/syntax.adoc#drop-constraint[Syntax -> Drop constraints].
```

CREATE CONSTRAINT rel_exist_param
FOR ()-[wrote:WROTE]-() REQUIRE wrote.published IS NOT NULL
----
////

.Drop a constraint by name
======

.Drop the constraint `book_isbn`
// tag::schema_constraints_drop[]
[source, cypher]
----
DROP CONSTRAINT book_isbn
----
// end::schema_constraints_drop[]

.Result
[source, queryresult]
----
Removed 1 constraint.
----

======

[role=label--new-5.16]
[[drop-constraint-with-parameter]]
== Drop a constraint with a parameter

Constraints can be dropped with a parameterized name.

.Drop a constraint using a parameter
======

.Parameters
[source, parameters]
----
{
  "name": "actor_fullname"
}
----

.Drop a constraint with a parameterized name
// tag::schema_constraints_drop_parameter[]
[source, cypher]
----
DROP CONSTRAINT $name
----
// end::schema_constraints_drop_parameter[]

.Result
[source, queryresult]
----
Removed 1 constraint.
----

======

[[drop-constraint-nonexisting-constraint]]
== Drop a non-existing constraint

If it is uncertain if any constraint with a given name exists and you want to drop it if it does but not get an error should it not, use `IF EXISTS`.
This will ensure that no error is thrown.

> Instead, an informational notification is returned stating that the constraint does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Neo4j 5.17, an informational notification is returned stating that the constraint does not exist.
```

Reviewer: I was under the general impression we still had these for Cypher 5 to cover the 5.x releases, but has that changed so we don't want to keep it since Cypher 5 was frozen 2025.06? 
(I'm adding this part to all comments that are relevant for the 5.x vs calVar updates, you don't need to answer all threads with the same info, was more to be able to separate them from the others that are cypher 5 vs cypher 25 changes)
